<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "plugins/org.oasis-open.dita.v1_2/dtd/technicalContent/dtd/concept.dtd">

<concept id="github">
<title>What is Jekyll?</title>
<shortdesc>
	Jekyll is a program that takes static content files and creates a website from them. Jekyll provides the ability to reuse website layouts, reuse data, and customize URLS without access to a formal backend.
</shortdesc>

    <conbody>
		<p>The layout of a Jekyll website is stored separately from the content of the website.  This means that the layout can be updated from only one location, rather than needing to update many pages individually. Jekyll also allows for multiple layouts, meaning a website can have several designs to fit various types of content. If a layout needs bit of unique data from content pages, such as a blog post title, that data can be stored in a variable and accessed from the layout.</p>
		
		<p>Variables store data that can be reused throughout the website.  These variables can store data from the site URL to specific information for a blog post. By storing data in a variable, the data can be updated across the site with one simple change to the variable, instead of having to update every page on the website. Other site information is also stored in variables, such as all of the site’s posts, pagination, and a posts URL.</p>

		<p>URLs fairly customizable with the help of Jekyll. Jekyll does link posts via their paths, but links posts via their filename. This allows for the path to each post to be changed easily when desired. The URL pattern for posts are fully customizable. Customized URLs are impossible without a backend, so this feature is very useful for a static website.</p>
		
		<p>For more information, the official Jekyll documentation is available at <xref href="http://jekyllrb.com/" format="html">http://jekyllrb.com/</xref>.</p>
	 </conbody>
</concept>
